NARRATOR During
Ash's first Gym badge
challenge in the
Kalos region
our heroes battled Viola,
the Santalune Gym Leader.
But because Pikachu
and Fletchling found it
impossible to move freely
on the battlefield
they were defeated by Viola's
Surskit and Vivillon.
Now, following a healing
visit to the Pokémon Center
Ash has begun preparing
for a rematch
with training assistance
provided by Alexa.
[grunting]
[thinking] Vivillon's
Gust isn't the only thing
we have to deal with.
There's Surskit's Ice Beam
and Sticky Web too.
How are we gonna do it?
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Battling On Thin Ice!"
[sighs]
‐ 'Ash?'
‐ Huh?
‐ Here, use this.
‐ Huh? Huh!
Great. Thanks.
Hm. Um. Here we go.
Ash, do you remember me?
Huh?
Think back to when you went
to camp in Pallet Town.
I did too.
That's where we met.
‐ At camp?
‐ That's right.
We met at Professor Oak's
Pokémon Summer Camp.
‐ Hey, I remember that camp.
‐ You really do?
Yeah, of course, I went to it.
I know, and that's because
I went to that camp as well.
Hm, can't say I remember you.
‐ Ah!
‐ Uh?
Oh, no!
Sorry.
[chuckles]
That's okay, Ash.
'For now, you need
to concentrate on training.'
‐ 'You can remember me later.'
‐ 'Right.'
'I've got to say,
Pokémon battles are amazing.'
You saw mine?
Then you know what a totally
rotten mess I made of it.
A mess? I don't think so,
you were awesome.
I remember what you said
the last time we met
you never give
up until the end.
'You're obviously
not giving up.'
'You haven't changed one bit.'
[laughs]
I haven't changed, have I?
[laughing]
I'm not giving up.
That just wouldn't be me
at all.
'Thanks, Serena.
You're a big help.'
Uh? Sure.
Alexa! Can we have
another battle, please?
ALEXA
Okay.
PIKACHU FLETCHLING
[EXCITED]
'It's not like me
to get all down on myself.'
I can fix all of this
by not giving up.
Ready to go?
[INTENT]
[CHALLENGING]
Noivern, use Gust!
[GUST MOVE]
[PAINED]/[EFFORT]
Stay strong. Don't give up!
[EFFORT]
Get your footing, Pikachu!
And Fletchling,
keep your balance!
DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
Alright!
Pikachu's using its tail!
Great, in that position
Pikachu should be able
to keep its footing.
[EFFORT]/[CONFIDENT]
BONNIE
Wow, look at that.
Fletchling's flying
lots better now too.
DEDENNE
[IMPRESSED]
CLEMONT 'It's adjusting the
angle' 'of its tail feathers'
'to control how
the air flows around it.'
Now, Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
And Fletchling, Razor Wind!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
Alright, Noivern, dodge it!
[EXERTION]
[SATISFIED]
Awesome! Looking good, you two.
[CONFIDENT]/[PLEASED]
Looks like you're getting
the hang of it.
But I'm not finished yet!
Use Gust, again!
[GUST MOVE]
Wow, Alexa, that was some
really helpful training.
Thank you for everything.
Save your thanks
until after you defeat my sister
and win your first
Kalos Gym Badge.
Right, I'll do my best.
[DETERMINED]
[EAGER]
'Hmm. We've got a good defense'
against Gust now.'
So that means, uh,
now you just need to figure out
the ice battlefield
and Sticky Web and Psychic.
I've already
figured out how to deal
‐ with the ice battlefield.
‐ Yeah? What are you gonna do?
'You'll find out
during the battle.'
Hey, that's no fun.
Well, as far as handling
Sticky Web
you just leave that to me.
Yes, alright,
Pikachu and Fletchling
it's back to trainin'
after we eat.
[SURPRISED]/[EXCITED]
CLEMONT 'Allow me to help
you with your training'
using the very best
of my scientific skills.
Remember, the future is now,
thanks to science.
And the power of technology.
'Clemontic Gear, on.'
'I invented this device
in anticipation'
'of the very situation
Ash is now in.'
I call it the Sticky Web
Sticky‐Wicket Wacker Wonk!
‐ Huh?
Science is so amazing!
I've analyzed Sticky Web's
composition at the DNA level
and this device is able
to replicate its stickiness
color, aroma
and nutritional value to a tee.
I'm sure patent approval
is right around the corner.
Well, I really don't know
what you're talking about
‐ but thanks, Clemont.
‐ So, let's get started.
[EXCITED]
CLEMONT
'Lock on target and fire!'
'Dodge it!'
[EXERTION]
[CONFIDENT]
[CURIOUS]/[DISGUSTED]
He's right!
It's the same as Sticky Web!
This is what I call
training with science.
Keep it up! Fire! Fire! Fire!
[EXERTION]
Hey, you're both looking great.
[CHALLENGING]
Not bad, but you haven't
experienced my device
working at full power.
Maximum level and fire!
[SURPRISED]
Huh, something's not right.
Huh! Aah!
Hm? Aah!
[screaming]
Looks like
another machine went boom.
[grunts]
Why? Why?
Okay, in that case..
Alright, Froakie, I choose you!
[PLEASED]
If you attack us
with your Frubbles
it'll be like getting
attacked with Sticky Web.
[CONFIDENT]
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
Quick, Pikachu, Fletchling,
dodge it!
[EXERTION]
Wow! What a clever way
to use Frubbles.
Yeah, keep it up!
[EXCITED]
Now, concentrate and speed up!
[CONFIDENT]
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
'Show me that spirit!'
SERENA 'I didn't know
Ash had a Froakie too.'
That Froakie's
from Professor Sycamore's
research lab.
SERENA
Just like my Fennekin.
[EXERTION]
[SATISFIED]
I think
we're gonna be just fine.
So, let's call it a day.
[EXCITED]
[IMPRESSED]
[PROUD]
♪ Ra ra ra go team go ♪♪
I know you can do it.
You're awesome.
Bonnie, I think it's bedtime.
Mm, you were great.
‐ Yeah, weren't they? Let's go.
‐ Pikachu.
Okay, Ash, I'm going
to tuck Bonnie into bed.
Right! Thanks for staying up
so late and helping me out.
Concentrate and speed up.
[AMUSED]
Well, we all worked
on everything we could.
All that's left is to battle
Viola as hard as we can.
So let's give it all we've got!
[DETERMINED]
[OPTIMISTIC]
It's amazing how hard Trainers
and their Pokémon work.
It takes an awful
lot of time and effort
to earn yourself a Gym badge,
doesn't it?
You'll be training like this
in no time.
Soon you're gonna hit the road
and catch some more Pokémon
so you can challenge
the Pokémon Gyms, right?
I guess so,
I know I have Fennekin
but I'm not sure
what my next step will be.
Got ya. So, take your time
and you'll know what to do.
[FRIENDLY]
Ha? Hm.
I will, thank you.
WOMAN #1 'The Gym battle rematch
between Ash, the challenger'
and Viola,
the Santalune Gym Leader
will now begin.
‐ I heard you.
‐ Hm?
When you and Ash
were having your talk.
He needed some inspiration.
But I didn't think
it was gonna come from you.
Each side will have
the use of two Pokémon
and the battle will be over
when either Trainer's Pokémon
are unable to continue.
'Only the challenger
may substitute Pokémon.'
So, Ash, my sister tells me
you were training hard
yesterday.
‐ I'm looking forward to this.
‐ Yeah, me too.
'Cause this time
I'm gonna win a badge!
[DETERMINED]
My lens is still focused
on victory
and nothing will ruin this shot!
Go, Surskit!
[DETERMINED]
Time to even the score,
right, Pikachu?
[EAGER]
Battle, begin!
[EXERTION]/[CONCENTRATED]
They're waiting
to see Surskit's first move.
Ash and Pikachu,
get 'em, get 'em, get 'em!
[EXCITED]
VIOLA You can't take a picture
without pressing the shutter
and you can't win a battle
without attacking.
Alright, Surskit,
use Sticky Web!
[STICKY WEB MOVE]
'Dodge it, Pikachu!'
[EXERTION]
‐ Aah!
‐ Wow, that's fast.
All that training's paying off.
Now, Pikachu! Use Thunderbolt!
[SATISFIED]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Surskit, Protect!
[PROTECT MOVE]
Signal Beam, go!
[SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
Dodge, then Iron Tail!
[EXERTION]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
‐ 'Surskit!'
‐ Alright! Yay!
Pikachu really nailed it.
[IMPRESSED]
Iron Tail isn't that effective
against Surskit
but considering
how Pikachu wasn't able
to land an attack
at all last time
'it was a meaningful hit. '
[INTENT]
Now, let's refocus this battle.
Time to use Ice Beam
and create an ice battlefield.
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
Don't let Surskit use Ice Beam!
[DETERMINED]
[AGITATED]
Stay on it and use Thunderbolt!
Shake it loose and use Ice Beam.
[DETERMINED]/[ICE BEAM MOVE]
PIKACHU
[DETERMINED]
[FRUSTRATED]
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]/[ICE BEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, dodge it!
[EXERTION]
[DISORIENTED]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Huh!
[grunts]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Noivern.
Another picture‐perfect
ice battlefield.
Surskit, start skating!
[CONFIDENT]/[FRUSTRATED]
It's just like the last battle.
The difference is Ash trained
really hard for this one.
Can you get up, Pikachu?
[EFFORT]
This ice battlefield
is my studio!
I'm the photographer
and I call the shots.
Surskit, Signal Beam!
Now, Pikachu!
[EXERTION]
‐ Aah!
‐ Wow!
That's the thing
Ash wouldn't tell us about.
'How he was going to deal
with the ice battlefield.'
Way to go!
Now, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[SIGNAL BEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Surskit, no!
[STUNNED]
Surskit is unable to battle.
Pikachu wins!
[FATIGUED]
We did it!
[TRIUMPHANT]
‐ Yay!
[ECSTATIC]
Who knew Pikachu would plant
its tail to stay balanced.
Surskit, that was excellent.
Now get a good rest.
Pikachu, return!
[RELIEVED]
What? You're done battling
with Pikachu?
Fletchling wants
a chance for a rematch
against Vivillon too.
Fletchling, I choose you.
[GRATEFUL]
Picture‐perfect.
Let's do this, Vivillon!
[EXERTION]
They won't have to worry
about Sticky Web this time.
And Ash can thank
Pikachu for that.
They also have
a great counter for Gust!
This's not yesterday's battle,
for sure.
Alright, Fletchling,
Steel Wing, let's go!
[INTENT]
[EXERTION]
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Use Psychic!
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[PAINED]/[ALARMED]
[CONFIDENT]/[STRUGGLING]
Fletchling! No!
Be strong! Now, get up!
[DETERMINED]
Great, Fletchling! Steel Wing!
[INTENT]/[STEEL WING MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Aah!
‐ Way to go! Now, use Peck!
[PECK MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
[EXERTION]/[DISAPPOINTED]
Alright! Use Gust!
[GUST MOVE]
[PAINED]
Remember our training,
Fletchling!
[EMPATHETIC]
[EFFORT]/[CONFIDENT]
Great, Fletchling, ride it!
‐ Yeah, you can do it!
‐ Yay!
Fletchling,
use Razor Wind, now!
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
Vivillon, Sleep Powder!
[SLEEP POWDER MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Fletchling, wake up!
‐ Ah!
I had no idea Vivillon
could use Sleep Powder.
Uh‐oh!
[WORRIED]
Excellent! Picture‐ perfect!
Vivillon, Solar Beam!
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh, no! Fletchling!
[CONCERNED]/[STUNNED]
WOMAN #1 'Fletchling
is unable to battle!'
'Vivillon wins!'
Aw. Poor Fletchling lost.
[SAD]
There's no way my sister
would let Ash win
without a real fight.
‐ That's okay!
‐ Huh?
‐ We believe in Ash.
‐ Hm.
Good job,
you battled hard, Fletchling
so get lots of rest.
I'm gonna need you to get back
in there, Pikachu.
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[CHALLENGING]
Now, Vivillon, use Gust!
[GUST MOVE]/[EFFORT]
Hang tough, Pikachu!
You can stay on your feet.
[STRUGGLING]
Pikachu's still
feeling the effects
of the battle with Surskit.
If this drags on, it could be
at a real disadvantage.
[DETERMINED]
Pikachu can't beat
my Vivillon in that state.
I'm afraid you're gonna have
to wait longer for your badge.
Yeah, well,
there's no way we're giving up!
That's not what we're about!
We'll keep battling
right up until the very end!
Don't give up till it's over.
I admire your persistence.
But this is the end.
Gust, one more time!
[GUST MOVE]/[EFFORT]
Pikachu! Iron Tail, let's go!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
‐ Ah!
‐ It's using Iron Tail!
Another great way to stay put.
‐ Pikachu is so cool!
‐ 'Pretty clever.'
But you just made it
even easier for me to focus.
Vivillon, use Solar Beam!
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[grunting]
Vivillon, Sleep Powder!
[SLEEP POWDER MOVE]
[ALARMED]
[PAINED]/[DAZED]
‐ Pikachu!
‐ Oh!
So, here we are.
It's my chance to take
a great last picture.
Pikachu! Ash!
You've got to hang in there.
Let's finish this up,
Solar Beam!
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
Pikachu! Wake up!
[EFFORT]
Remember your training
from yesterday!
Ah! Pikachu!
'Use Electro Ball on yourself!'
EXERTION]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
Aah!
[DETERMINED]
‐ Alright!
It neutralized Sleep Powder with
an Electric‐type move on itself.
[chuckles]
That's so very, very Ash.
Vivillon, Solar Beam!
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
We're all with you, so put
everything into this move!
Use Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
Vivillon, no!
[WORRIED]/[PAINED]
‐ Come on, Vivillon, be strong!
‐ Uh‐oh!
Vivillon's flying kind
of weird all of a sudden.
Look at its wing,
it's covered with ice.
‐ No. How can this be?
‐ Pikachu! Now, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Vivillon, no!
[STUNNED]
WOMAN #1
'Vivillon is unable to battle!'
Pikachu wins,
which means the winner
of the match is Ash!
Alright!
[EXCITED]
[laughs]
We did it, Pikachu!
‐ Ash!
‐ Ash, that was amazing!
Happy, happy, Bonnie!
Way to go, Ash.
‐ You were great!
‐ Hey, thanks.
And I couldn't have done it
without help from you guys.
Ash, I had nothing to do
with your win and you know it.
Nah, your invention
gave me the idea.
Huh?
You mean, my invention's
failure gave you the idea
of Pikachu using
Electro Ball on itself?
Yup, and that's why this victory
doesn't just belong to me.
It's all of ours!
[EMPHATIC]
Thank you, Vivillon,
for a great battle.
What did I tell you about Ash?
[chuckles]
Yeah, you knew it all along.
‐ Ash?
‐ Hey, Viola.
Congratulations,
this is to prove you won
your Gym battle against me.
‐ 'The Bug Badge.'
‐ 'Thanks so much!'
Alright!
I just got the Bug Badge!
[PROUD]
VIOLA 'There are some
things you can only see'
when looking through
a camera's viewfinder.
And things you'll only see
clearly by living together
with Pokémon, keep strengthening
the bonds you share
with your Pokémon
and good luck!
Thanks.
[THANKFUL]
Ash, I imagine you're heading
to your next Pokémon Gym battle.
In that case, how about
the Gym in Cyllage City?
Cyllage City Gym?
That sounds great.
[EXCITED]/[SURPRISED]
You take care, Helioptile.
[WARM]
CLEMONT
Okay then, we're gonna head out!
Thanks again.
[THANKFUL]
‐ Bye, bye!
‐ Viola, Alexa, Helioptile, bye!
[WARM]
I'll be seeing
you all again really soon.
NARRATOR And so, after two
hard‐fought battles against
Gym Leader Viola, Ash has
received the Bug Badge.
Now, our heroes set off
to the Cyllage City Gym
as the journey continues.
So Serena, where are you
headed off to from here?
Uh, me?
[theme music]